Updated with fir-related content and links (#348)
heroku/node-js-getting-started: README.md

A barebones Node.js app using [Express](https://expressjs.com/).

> This application supports the [Getting Started on Heroku with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs) 
> and [Getting Started on Heroku Fir with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs-fir) 
> articles - check it out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application supports the tutorials for both the [Cedar and Fir generations](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/generations) of the Heroku platform. You can check them out here:

* [Getting Started on Heroku with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)
* [Getting Started on Heroku Fir with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs-fir)
```

Reviewer: To cross-link, this was originally a suggestion by Sandy https://github.com/heroku/node-js-getting-started/pull/348#discussion_r1870151103

> 

Reviewer 2: How about this?

This application supports the Getting Started guides for both the [Cedar and Fir generations](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/generations) of the Heroku platform. You can check them out here:

* [Getting Started on Heroku with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)
* [Getting Started on Heroku Fir with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs-fir)

Reviewer: Not that you have to, but you can make a multi-line suggestion by highlighting the line numbers and clicking the little blue "+" to open a comment

<img width="945" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/46c71215-b2c4-478c-8270-07679ceb6401">

Then you can click "suggest a  change" 

<img width="994" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60e61c02-612e-4440-86ed-ead418cdacc1">

It gives you a little suggestion box with the original

<img width="681" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f05f6c9-9975-4cf9-9200-caa4c25cfc05">

If you make changes to it and leave a comment, then the original person who wrote the PR can apply it directly if they like it. I turned your comment into a suggested change here https://github.com/heroku/node-js-getting-started/pull/348/files/22e5734e1c7fa1ade2b9570d93fbb58cb3de1a47#r1870321855. I like the bullet points, I think it makes it a little more clear than having it inline.

$ git push heroku main
$ heroku open
```

> ### Deploy on [Fir](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/generations#fir)

Reviewer: FWIW I prefer using full URLs for link aliases. To me the philosophy of markdown was that it works equally well for both rendered HTML and plain text viewing. Using the aliases means that I have to jump around the page to find the actual URL and then when I come back to the markdown document I've lost my original place.

The aliases make it easier to replace only one thing and it's re-used everywhere, but global search and replace on a single document is fairly trivial in just about every editor and IDE. The other downside of that would be a larger diff for the possibillity of more conflicts, but here these are rarely updated.

The primary consumer of the README in this case is someone possibly new to development who cloned the repo and got lost/confused/distracted and looks to the readme for more context. My guess would be that they could better intuit `[<text>](<url>)` over `[<text>][<alias>]` when looking at the README in an editor.

I'll update this one to keep the style the same, but noting my preferences here.

> ### Deploy on [Fir](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/generations#fir)

Reviewer 3: I tend to prefer inline links to (depending on the scenario). 

I don't mind what we use here, just that we're consistent, given that the Cedar entry currently uses `[Cedar][cedar]` etc
